historymod
==========

This repository houses the historymod module used in the 2st release of the
FIWARE Live Demo. This is an adhoc component created for this Demo and it
published here as reference, but take into account that this component can
be avoided using current FIWARE capabilities.

See the main [FIWARE Live Demo repo](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-livedemoapp)
for detailed information.

This module is implemented using Node.js and the ngsijs Javascript library.

Installation and configuration
------------------------------

Download it from github either by:

* downloading the [zip file](https://github.com/wirecloud-fiware/historymod/archive/master.zip) generated by github
* or by cloning the git repository:
  $ git clone https://github.com/wirecloud-fiware/historymod.git

### Database Configuration

This component need to store historical information on a database. Currently,
historymod only supports MySQL.

Once installed mysql, you must create an empty database and populate it using
the provided historymod.sql file. e.g.:

    $ mysql -u db_user -p database_name < path_to_historymod.sql;

### historymod Configuration

Next step is to update the `historymod.config` file. At least you'll have to
change the preferences related to the database configuration and about the
NGSI server the historymod is going to use as datasource. This is an example
of a possible setup:

    // mysql DB config
    GLOBAL.DB_USER = 'mysql_user';
    GLOBAL.DB_PASSWORD = 'mysql_user_pass';
    GLOBAL.DB_NAME = 'mysql_database_name';

    // NGSI SERVER
    GLOBAL.NGSI_URL = 'http://orion.ld.testbed.fi-ware.org:1026';

    // Service config
    //GLOBAL.SERVICE_URL = null; // Auto detect
    GLOBAL.SERVICE_URL = 'http://historymod.ld.testbed.fi-ware.org';
    GLOBAL.SERVICE_PORT = '80';

The default `GLOBAL.SERVECE_URL` and `GLOBAL.SERVICE_PORT` values are usually
valid without requiring any modification. Anyway, this information is used for
registering the historymod component into the configured NGSI server.

### Downloading dependencies

The best way for installing the historymod depdencencies is running the
following command on the historymod's root folder:

    $ npm install


Running
-------

    $ npm run start

Contact
-------

For any question, bug report, suggestion or feedback in general, please contact
with Ãlvaro Arranz (aarranz at conwet dot com).

License
-------

This code is licensed under GNU Affero General Public License v3 with linking
exception. You can find the license text in the LICENSE file in the repository
root.
